J. -H. Park et al., "Toward Practical BCI: A Real-time Wireless Imagined Speech EEG Decoding System," 2026 14th International Conference on Brain-Computer Interface (BCI), Gangwon Province, Republic of Korea, 2026, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/BCI69045.2026.11435050.Abstract: Brain-computer interface (BCI) research, while promising, has largely been confined to static and fixed environments, limiting real-world applicability. To move towards practical BCI, we introduce a real-time wireless imagined speech electroencephalogram (EEG) decoding system designed for flexibility and everyday use. Our framework focuses on practicality, demonstrating extensibility beyond wired EEG devices to portable, wireless hardware. A user identification module recognizes the operator and provides a personalized, user-specific service. To achieve seamless, real-time operation, we utilize the lab streaming layer to manage the continuous streaming of live EEG signals to the personalized decoder. This end-to-end pipeline enables a functional real-time application capable of classifying user commands from imagined speech EEG signals, achieving an overall 4-class accuracy of 62.00 % on a wired device and 46.67 % on a portable wireless headset. This paper demonstrates a significant step towards truly practical and accessible BCI technology, establishing a clear direction for future research in robust, practical, and personalized neural interfaces. keywords: {Wireless communication;Performance evaluation;Headphones;Streaming media;Speech enhancement;Real-time systems;Electroencephalography;Brain-computer interfaces;Hardware;Decoding;brain-computer interface;electroencephalogram;wireless device;real-time system;speech imagery},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11435050&isnumber=11435033

I. M. Kubascik, I. A. Tupy, I. J. Sumsky and I. T. Baca, "BioLab - Application for Online Analysis Using Lab Streaming Layer for Education and Research Purpose," 2024 International Conference on Emerging eLearning Technologies and Applications (ICETA), Stary Smokovec, Slovakia, 2024, pp. 378-382, doi: 10.1109/ICETA63795.2024.10850781.Abstract: In this paper, we present BioLab, an educational and research application designed for real-time streaming and analysis of biomedical signals using the Lab Streaming Layer (LSL). BioLab facilitates the streaming, visualization, and storage of signals such as electrocardiography (ECG), electroencephalography (EEG) and electromyography (EMG), among others, from various biomedical devices, which can then be analyzed in real-time or post-acquisition. We have developed specific scripts for ECG and EMG data acquisition, along with MATLAB scripts to plot, visualize, and filter the received signals. The system's configuration is easily adjustable through JSON configuration files, allowing flexibility in the stream settings. While our current focus is on real-time visualization and basic noise filtering, we discuss the potential for future classification of cardiovascular diseases based on the spectrograms generated from the streamed ECG data. This platform aims to serve as an essential tool for researchers and educators in the field of biomedical engineering, providing a flexible environment for the analysis of both raw and processed biosignal data. keywords: {Filtering;Noise;Data visualization;Electrocardiography;Real-time systems;Electromyography;Electroencephalography;MATLAB;Spectrogram;Monitoring;bioelectric signals;signal processing;biomedical applications},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10850781&isnumber=10850732

S. A.K, S. R, V. K. K and R. G, "Mind Controlled Movements: Directing Action with Left and Right Thoughts Cooperating with EEG," 2024 Second International Conference on Advances in Information Technology (ICAIT), Chikkamagaluru, Karnataka, India, 2024, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/ICAIT61638.2024.10690315.Abstract: This study demonstrates the potential of Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) technology to enable individuals to control devices simply through thought, specifically focusing on actions such as moving left and right. Leveraging machine learning techniques, particularly linear regression analysis, on real-time datasets, the research endeavors to develop an application tailored for individuals with paralysis. The process involves the systematic collection of data through the placement of electrodes to capture brain signals associated with the intention to perform left and right movements. These collected datasets are then processed and prepared to train a machine learning model. Through iterative training, the model learns to accurately interpret the brain signals associated with the intended actions of moving left or right. The results of the study underscore the efficacy and precision of the real-time datasets collected, as demonstrated by their successful implementation within the machine learning model. By successfully splitting and discerning between the signals corresponding to left and right movements, the model showcases promising potential for practical application in assisting individuals with paralysis. Overall, this research represents a significant step towards harnessing the capabilities of BCI technology combined with machine learning to enhance the quality of life for individuals facing motor impairments, offering new avenues for intuitive and efficient control of assistive devices through the power of thought. keywords: {Electrodes;Training;Performance evaluation;Systematics;Linear regression;Machine learning;Brain modeling;Real time dataset on left and right;FFT(fast fourier transform);LSL;(lab streaming layer);sampling;reshaping;linear regression},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10690315&isnumber=10690281

Y. Orazov, M. Ekayev, K. Ryzayev and G. Mezilov, "Optimizing EEG Signal Quality and Streaming Performance in BCIs Using ADS1299EEG-FE," 2025 5th International Conference on Robotics, Automation, and Artificial Intelligence (RAAI), Singapore, Singapore, 2025, pp. 419-423, doi: 10.1109/RAAI67517.2025.11423336.Abstract: Reliable and noise-free electroencephalography (EEG) acquisition is a key factor in building effective braincomputer interface (BCI) systems. This paper presents an evaluation of methods for optimizing EEG signal quality and realtime streaming performance using the ADS1299EEG-FE platform. The study compares hardware-based noise reduction strategiessuch as active shielding and grounding-with software-level filtering and adaptive preprocessing techniques to enhance the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) under varying environmental conditions. In addition, an edge-based streaming setup using a Raspberry Pi was implemented to test the performance of realtime EEG data transmission to a cloud analytics platform. Experimental results showed that the optimized configuration achieved up to a 35% reduction in power line noise and a 40% improvement in signal stability during continuous recording, while maintaining low data latency suitable for BCI feedback applications. The outcomes demonstrate that ADS1299EEG-FE can serve as a reliable, low-cost, and scalable solution for EEG data acquisition in both research and educational environments. These findings contribute to ongoing efforts to make EEG-driven intelligent systems more accessible and efficient for neurotechnology applications. keywords: {Noise reduction;Electroencephalography;Stability analysis;Real-time systems;Recording;Reliability;Robots;Optimization;Neurotechnology;Signal to noise ratio;EEG acquisition;brain-computer interface (BCI);ADS1299EEG-FE;signal processing;noise reduction;real-time data streaming;IoT neuroscience;hardware optimization},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11423336&isnumber=11422997

J. Xu, T. -L. Liu, Z. Wu, Z. Wu, Y. Li and A. Nürnberger, "Neurorehabilitation System in Virtual Reality with Low-Cost BCI Devices," 2020 IEEE International Conference on Human-Machine Systems (ICHMS), Rome, Italy, 2020, pp. 1-3, doi: 10.1109/ICHMS49158.2020.9209560.Abstract: Brain-computer interface (BCI) has gained great attention from the public due to its ability and portability for external devices control or neuron rehabilitation using EEG from scalps. virtual reality (VR) provides users an immersive interaction environment via human-machine interfaces (HMI).This paper proposes an motor imagery based real-time control system for rehabilitation by using low-cost BCI to control a robotic arm in VR. keywords: {Electroencephalography;Real-time systems;Manipulators;Brain-computer interfaces;Training;Task analysis;Brain computer interface (BCI);virtual reality (VR);motor imagery;electroencephalogram (EEG);rehabilitation},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9209560&isnumber=9209320

X. Jiang, J. Sun and Y. Liu, "A Paradigm for Multi-Attribute Labeling of Targets Based on SSVEP and Eye-Tracking," 2026 5th International Conference on Electronics Technology and Artificial Intelligence (ETAI), Harbin, China, 2026, pp. 1073-1077, doi: 10.1109/ETAI68332.2026.11485190.Abstract: Unmanned systems have advanced significantly in perceptual tasks like target recognition through artificial intelligence; however, they remain limited in cognitive tasks such as value-based judgment. Integrating human intent into these systems is essential to enhance their decision-making capability and robustness. Yet, effectively incorporating such input in hands-busy scenarios continues to pose a challenge. This paper presents a hands-free interactive paradigm that combines a steady-state visual evoked potential (SSVEP) brain-computer interface with eye-tracking. The system is designed to allow operators to label multi-attributes of targets in real-time video streams. In an experiment with five participants, the proposed paradigm achieved a labeling accuracy of 93.2 % and an information transfer rate (ITR) of 131.19 bits/min, which compares favorably to a unimodal eye-tracking system (87.6 %, 112.41 bits/min). The results indicate that the multimodal approach can provide a practical solution for seamless humancomputer collaboration in scenarios where manual operation cannot be interrupted. keywords: {Feedback;Circuits;Streaming media;Videos;Protocols;Pixel;Video equipment;HTTP;Reconnaissance;Communication system software;steady-state visual evoked potential;brain-computer interface;eye-tracking;multimodal interaction;unmanned systems;hands-free interaction;information transfer rate},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11485190&isnumber=11485011

K. Ericson, S. Pallickara and C. W. Anderson, "Analyzing Electroencephalograms Using Cloud Computing Techniques," 2010 IEEE Second International Conference on Cloud Computing Technology and Science, Indianapolis, IN, USA, 2010, pp. 185-192, doi: 10.1109/CloudCom.2010.80.Abstract: Brain Computer Interfaces (BCIs) allow users to interact with a computer via electroencephalogram (EEG) signals generated by their brain. The BCI application that we consider allows a user to initiate actions such as keyboard input or control the motion of their wheelchair. Our goal is to be able to train the neural network and classify the EEG signals from multiple users to infer their intended actions in a distributed environment. The processing is developed using the Map-Reduce framework. We use our cloud runtime, Granules, to classify these EEG streams. One of our objectives is to be able to process these EEG streams in real-time. The BCI software has been developed in R, which is an interpreted language designed for the fast computation of matrix multiplications, making it an effective language for the development of artificial neural networks. We contrast our approach of using Granules with a competing approach that uses an R package - Snowfall that simplifies execution of R computations in a distributed setting. We have performed experiments to evaluate the costs introduced by our scheme for training the neural networks and classifying the EEG signals. Our results demonstrate the suitability of using Granules to classify multiple EEG streams in a distributed environment. keywords: {Electroencephalography;Training;Artificial neural networks;Biological neural networks;Electrodes;Java;Runtime;Brain Computer Interfaces;Cloud computing;R;Granules;MapReduce;EEG;Artificial Neural Networks},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5708450&isnumber=5708426

T. R. Roque, R. Sun, Y. L. E. Do, D. Llamas-Maldonado and G. Leslie, "Real-Time Mobile EEG Hyperscanning: A Precise and Accessible Platform for Social Brain–Computer Interfaces," in IEEE Sensors Journal, vol. 26, no. 10, pp. 14612-14620, 15 May15, 2026, doi: 10.1109/JSEN.2025.3597568.
Abstract: This article presents a cost-effective, fully mobile EEG platform for reliable synchronous multibrain imaging (SMBI) (hyperscanning) for social human–machine interactions, designed for both online and offline applications. We first quantify the error introduced when the lab streaming layer (LSL) is used as the primary synchronization method on off-the-shelf mobile EEG systems: sampling-rate drifts and software latencies render conventional wireless hyperscanning techniques unreliable. To overcome these limitations, we introduce a novel wireless hardware-trigger synchronization approach based on sub-1-GHz technology with a customized acquisition software, leveraging affordable commercial wireless EEG (OpenBCI Cyton system) to achieve near-zero phase-delay synchronization while maintaining full mobility. The integrated hardware–software stack reduces online interdevice jitter to more than 1/10 of the original observed jitter, yielding a 99.3% accuracy in phase-locking value and spectral coherence (SC) during online measurement of synthetic 30-Hz signals. A mobile hyperscanning study on interpersonal behavioral synchronization ( $N = 8$ ) validates ecological performance: significant interbrain coupling was observed only during well-synchronized steps (p <0.05, FWER-corrected). Finally, we demonstrate real-time visualization of interbrain coupling using a customized version of Vizaj, an open-source spatial networks visualization tool, confirming suitability for live neurofeedback. The proposed synchronization platform costs under  ${\$}$ 100 for two heads, requires no cables between participants, and is readily adaptable to OpenBCI hardware. By releasing reproducible designs and code, this work lowers the barrier to group-level neurotechnology and paves the way for social brain–computer interfaces (BCIs).
keywords: {Synchronization;Electroencephalography;Wireless sensor networks;Wireless communication;Delays;Sensors;Couplings;Software;Real-time systems;Protocols;Brain–computer interface (BCI);hyperscanning;mobile EEG;neurofeedback;sensors synchronization;social interactions;social neuroscience},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11134703&isnumber=11519557


A. Vicol, S. Masic and S. Mann, "Brain Data Visualization in VR/XR," 2026 IEEE International Conference on Consumer Electronics (ICCE), Dubai, United Arab Emirates, 2026, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICCE67443.2026.11449657.Abstract: As Virtual Reality (VR), and, more generally, eXtended Reality (XR) headsets become mainstream, the importance of ensuring that technology connects users, rather than isolating them, grows. We propose a SWIM (Sequential Wave Imprinting Machine)-inspired, XR (eXtended Reality) brain wave visualizer that enables users to see each other’s electroencephalogram (EEG) brain wave data while wearing a VR/XR headset. Classic SWIM uses a scanned light array and persistence-of-exposure (human eye or photography) to make otherwise invisible waves visible, thereby extending intelligence. Our visualizer simulates the SWIM and thus does the same for relative frequencies of the alpha, beta, theta, and gamma brain waves. In the current prototype, we demonstrate the feasibility of visualizing EEG data (currently simulated) to the application user, with particular brain wave states captured and viewed. This provides a clear path toward enabling individuals to view the brain waves of other people using live-streamed data in future work, thus augmenting interconnectivity and increasing empathy via technology. Our system maps band-limited features to spatial, colour, and particle effects around the user’s head, or wherever the user decides to place the visualization (by selecting and dragging in VR/XR space). This application could help individuals with diverse cognitive or neurodevelopmental profiles perceive and understand mental states (e.g. stress or calmness) in others, while also serving as an artistic and social visualization of otherwise invisible neural dynamics. keywords: {Headphones;Computer interfaces;Photography;Visualization;Time-frequency analysis;Extended reality;Data visualization;Prototypes;Transforms;Electroencephalography;Extended reality (XR);virtual reality (VR);electroencephalography (EEG);brain–computer interfaces (BCI);neurofeedback;Sequential Wave Imprinting Machine (SWIM);Lab Streaming Layer (LSL);time–frequency analysis;Hilbert transform;data visualization;social presence;accessibility},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11449657&isnumber=11449585

K. C. Ahangama, H. Pasqual, C. Premachandra and H. W. H. Premachandra, "Enhanced Visible Light Communication for Real-Time Audio With Interference-Resilient Protocols," in IEEE Access, vol. 13, pp. 28248-28264, 2025, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3538588.
Abstract: Despite its potential for high-speed data transmission, visible light communication (VLC) technology faces significant challenges in achieving reliable real-time audio streaming due to interference, signal degradation, and synchronization issues. These limitations hinder the widespread adoption of VLC technology, especially in high-quality audio transmission. This paper introduces a novel VLC transceiver design incorporating advanced interference-resilient protocols, dynamic frame structuring, and robust error correction algorithms to enhance audio streaming performance. The proposed system achieves a signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of 45 dB, reduces the bit error rate (BER) by up to four orders of magnitude to  $1 \times 10^{-6}$ , and lowers the total latency by 50%. Furthermore, synchronization errors are reduced by 66.7%, while the mean opinion score (MOS) reaches 4.8, and the objective difference grade (ODG) improves to -0.5. The comparative analysis demonstrates significant advantages over Wi-Fi (802.11ac), VLC IM/DD, and state-of-the-art VLC systems. These findings establish the proposed system as a reliable solution for real-time, high-fidelity audio applications and a foundation for extending VLC technology to broader domains.
keywords: {Visible light communication;Real-time systems;Signal to noise ratio;Transceivers;Interference;Reliability;Protocols;Optical filters;Current measurement;Optical feedback;Li-Fi;VLC;real-time audio streaming;high-quality audio transmission;interference-resilient protocols;adaptive modulation},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10870223&isnumber=10820123


Zhengwei Wang, G. Healy, A. F. Smeaton and T. E. Ward, "An investigation of triggering approaches for the rapid serial visual presentation paradigm in brain computer interfacing," 2016 27th Irish Signals and Systems Conference (ISSC), Londonderry, UK, 2016, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ISSC.2016.7528466.Abstract: The rapid serial visual presentation (RSVP) paradigm is a method that can be used to extend the P300 based brain computer interface (BCI) approach to enable high throughput target image recognition applications. The method requires high temporal resolution and hence, generating reliable and accurate stimulus triggers is critical for high performance execution. The traditional RSVP paradigm is normally deployed on two computers where software triggers generated at runtime by the image presentation software on a presentation computer are acquired along with the raw electroencephalography (EEG) signals by a dedicated data acquisition system connected to a second computer. It is often assumed that the stimulus presentation timing as acquired via events arising in the stimulus presentation code is an accurate reflection of the physical stimulus presentation. This is not necessarily the case due to various and variable latencies that may arise in the overall system. This paper describes a study to investigate in a representative RSVP implementation whether or not software-derived stimulus timing can be considered an accurate reflection of the physical stimuli timing. To investigate this, we designed a simple circuit consisting of a light diode resistor comparator circuit (LDRCC) for recording the physical presentation of stimuli and which in turn generates what we refer to as hardware triggered events. These hardware-triggered events constitute a measure of ground truth and are captured along with the corresponding stimulus presentation command timing events for comparison. Our experimental results show that using software-derived timing only may introduce uncertainty as to the true presentation times of the stimuli and this uncertainty itself is highly variable at least in the representative implementation described here. For BCI protocols such as those utilizing RSVP, the uncertainly introduced will cause impairment of performance and we recommend the use of additional circuitry to capture the physical presentation of stimuli and that these hardware-derived triggers should instead constitute the event markers to be used for subsequent analysis of the EEG. keywords: {Electroencephalography;Software;Hardware;Computers;Data acquisition;Visualization;Timing;BCI;LSL;RSVP;Trigger},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7528466&isnumber=7528348

Á. G. Nemes et al., "Temporal Coupling of Brain Signals and Fine Motor Output Using Affordable EEG," in IEEE Access, vol. 13, pp. 128314-128324, 2025, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3587262.
Abstract: This study introduces a novel publicly accessible EEG dataset, acquired through an evoked motor execution paradigm, with a primary objective to examine the relationship between frequency activity of the sensorimotor cortex and index finger movements. A primary and distinctive contribution of this work is our precise temporal integration methodology that synchronizes EEG signals, task-related visual and auditory cues, and exact muscle activation events (finger trigger presses) through the Lab Streaming Layer protocol. This multimodal approach enhances dataset quality by enabling millisecond-precise alignment between stimulus presentation, cortical activation patterns, and resultant motor behavior—a critical feature lacking in most publicly available motor-related EEG datasets. A group consisting of 26 participants completed a total of 127 experimental sessions, during which EEG signals were simultaneously recorded along with corresponding trigger presses. Further underscoring the dataset’s broad accessibility, all recordings were performed using an affordable, widely available EEG headset device. We demonstrate the dataset’s practical applicability for EEG-based motor decoding by developing and evaluating deep learning classification models, highlighting dataset suitability despite using an affordable EEG recording headset. A real-time demonstration validated our approach in a virtual environment, where the highest-performing model successfully translated EEG signals into predicted finger movements. Our dataset, the detailed experimental methods for synchronized multimodal recording, as well as the codebase for data preprocessing and deep-learning model training, are all publicly available and open-source. The dataset is publicly available online. Codebase is published at github.com/nemesgyadam/NeuroJoystickVault
keywords: {Electroencephalography;Motors;Recording;Technological innovation;Headphones;Electrodes;Synchronization;Fingers;Deep learning;Brain modeling;Electroencephalography;EEG;motor execution;primary motor cortex;neurocontrol;deep learning dataset},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11075782&isnumber=10820123


P. Mendonca and M. A. Abreu, "A Hybrid System for Assessing Mental Workload," 2019 IEEE 6th Portuguese Meeting on Bioengineering (ENBENG), Lisbon, Portugal, 2019, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/ENBENG.2019.8692509.Abstract: A system was developed for assessing the response of an individual performing operational tasks associated to image interpretation. This is a Hybrid system composed of two open-source and low-cost hardware parts: an EEG brain-computer interface with dry sensors and an eye-tracker. They are both synchronized via an open-source software, Lab streaming Layer, and can be used with different stimuli for different studies. keywords: {Electroencephalography;Task analysis;Pupils;Synchronization;Software;Hardware},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8692509&isnumber=8692443

C. Cannard, H. Wahbeh and A. Delorme, "Validating the wearable MUSE headset for EEG spectral analysis and Frontal Alpha Asymmetry," 2021 IEEE International Conference on Bioinformatics and Biomedicine (BIBM), Houston, TX, USA, 2021, pp. 3603-3610, doi: 10.1109/BIBM52615.2021.9669778.Abstract: EEG power spectral density (PSD), the individual alpha frequency (IAF) and the frontal alpha asymmetry (FAA) are all EEG spectral measures that have been widely used to evaluate cognitive and attentional processes in experimental and clinical settings, and that can be used for real-world applications (e.g., remote EEG monitoring, brain-computer interfaces, neurofeedback, neuromodulation, etc.). Potential applications remain limited by the high cost, low mobility, and long preparation times associated with high-density EEG recording systems. Low-density wearable systems address these issues and can increase access to larger and diversified samples. The present study tested whether a low-cost, 4-channel wearable EEG system (the MUSE) could be used to quickly measure continuous EEG data, yielding similar frequency components compared to a research-grade EEG system (the 64-channel BIOSEMI Active Two). MUSE data can be live-streamed using the Lab Stream Layer (LSL), and can therefore be implemented into real-world EEG monitoring, brain-computer interfaces (BCI), or neurofeedback applications. We compare the spectral measures from MUSE EEG data referenced to mastoids to those from BIOSEMI EEG data with two different references for validation (mastoids and average reference). A minimal amount of data was deliberately collected to test the feasibility for real-world applications (EEG setup and data collection being completed in under 5 min). We show that the MUSE can be used to examine power spectral density (PSD) in all frequency bands, the individual alpha frequency (IAF), and frontal alpha asymmetry (FAA). Furthermore, we observed satisfying internal consistency reliability in alpha power and asymmetry measures recorded with the MUSE. However, estimating asymmetry on the IAF did not yield significant advantages relative to the traditional method (average over the 8-13 Hz range). These findings should advance human neurophysiological monitoring using easily accessible wearable neurotechnologies in large samples and increase the feasibility of their implementation in real-world settings. keywords: {Headphones;Power measurement;FAA;Electroencephalography;Brain-computer interfaces;Reliability;Biomedical monitoring;wearable EEG;power spectral density (PSD);frequency domain;signal validation;frontal alpha asymmetry (FAA);individual alpha frequency (IAF)},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez41.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9669778&isnumber=9669139

